and you know drum really just like
spreads people you know to all these
different like in a ways of thinking and
stuff and like there's just not even
like any kind of like solidarity in the
vegan community what we need to do is
have like you know really just like a
big one like message that we're sending
out there and just everybody just needs
to get on board with that message and
you know the thing about it is it's like
individuality and you know
self-expression you know of like
individual expression is the most
important thing okay so that's number
one all right so if we just all get
together and we just you know hammer in
that we need to have this you know one
message that we're sitting out there to
the mainstream you know that's really
just going to help this community and
help our cause so all I wanna say is you
know just go out there and you know keep
doing the drama and my message to people
would be it's just like you know fuck
off the drama man like that's getting
you nowhere
clear
get a on flip flop yeah about you to
wherever you feel shit but don't get
angel gazanian it's just in it for the
ears we know better than that this again
we're a poet swans ahead of the pack up
Oh him as in rabun where the coast all
the air quick to attack we could you
retract that you real don't reflect on
how they use it ro sex drugs and rock
and roll off sekirei Roger Oh in the
real world these peeps with hundreds
appears they just like you and me when
the cameras disappear real world it up
then all these big episode as many as a
his damn right you be put on a
performance oh you ain't give set but me
I'm Oh relax assume dream I wanna draw
me then he'll I'd rolling back with a
dick rider shit come by the way to us I
abutted high and higher till your pants
on fire in a bogus blaming my might as
well say so they gonna know play as soon
as they it play out
this is really serious stuff so when
people make jokes and they just get you
know like all laugh II Daphne about it
and stuff you know that's just really
not cool and like have fun with it and
just you know you know have a few laughs
you know why not hey you know I'm going
to keep out going out there and doing my
thing and like I want to support you
know this person doing their thing and
this person doing that thing and I'm
going to tell you right now there are
people in this community that I will
never ever support again they are
completely dead to me and that is just
you know it's really just a sad side of
what this community is this community is
a great great place where you know
people can come together and really like
work hard you know for this nice you
know beautiful message
yeah wow yeah wow yeah crazy big mouth